hey guys we're here with Christian and
we're playing Mario Kart 8 and I was
wondering out what's your least favorite
mode in mark our date yeah well a battle
so we're doing battle mode oh dude I
don't know where marshmallows out of
nowhere
all right starting guys so if your
mushrooms while i smite you with green
shells all right let's go yellow but
what's the point about excluding
everyone's values yeah you just okay
Jeffy to you
let's go I am at the Luigi all right
someone's might get egged nice Michael
oh no that was close
well that was me yeah Liz you I'm coming
after you road oh it's night off misty
oh that's night stop falling off you
losing out here to lose you I'm just
gonna stand there and wait for you guys
to fall off
part of your stretching because when you
have one building you dip it like it's
night yeah keep your show
there's no wrong way there's no wrong
way
you're out you died already don't you
snap oh we get get other way too gay
no one likes big kids they get gigantic
omelet
yeah I got Julie ow let's go here
oh it's gonna be we have 55 seconds come
here yo stop so I can get to you so I
can spike you with my green show I don't
know
desi getting stuff that tree green
shells I'm gonna beat ya did it banana
just pop out of nowhere really well I
can see you oh I can see you what oh
you're right oh I see what you are now
oh I did just pass you out seen you
really I threw it on accident I'm really
sorry about their behavior thank you for
watching this video